MAINT: Kill all instances of f2py.compile (#25193)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/25193.compatibility.rst

The ``f2py.compile()`` helper has been removed due to a severe restriction in

> functionality after the ``meson`` switch. Users are urged to replace these calls
> with ``subprocess.run`` calls to ``python -m numpy.f2py`` instead with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functionality after the ``meson`` switch. Users are urged to replace calls
to ``f2py.compile`` with calls to
``subprocess.run("python", "-m", "numpy.f2py",...`` instead, and to use
```

Author: There are [native files](https://mesonbuild.com/Machine-files.html), I've added a note.

> environment variables set to interact with ``meson``.

Reviewer: Hmm. The use of environment variables is problematic. Isn't there any other way to hook into meson?

Author: There are [native files](https://mesonbuild.com/Machine-files.html), I've added a note.

> The ``f2py.compile()`` helper has been removed due to a severe restriction in

Reviewer 2: This makes it sound like it's purely due to Meson being worse than distutils, however the linked issue mentioned that it was marked as experimental, leaked memory and was anyway only a thin `subprocess.run` wrapper. So a rephrase here to mention those factors would be nice.

Author: Makes sense, reworded and squashed most of the history.
